Now you can copy the configuration from RAM to nv ram by using the command copy running config startup
config that replaces the configuration stored in nv ram.
You can also copy the configuration to a TFT server.
You can copy both the running config as well as the startup config to a TFT server.
When you copy the config from RAM to nv ram it overrides the configuration a copy from nv ram or startup
to ram or running config is a merge so let's demonstrate how that works.
So on my router if I type show stodge at the moment there is no startup config which we saw previously
and show running config shows me my current configuration so shows start no config show running config
shows the current configuration on the device copy running config startup can fake saves the configuration
from RAM to nv ram Sarnoff on top shows start will show startup config.
I can see that I'm using so many bytes out of so many bytes.
If I change the name of the router to our one and then top show run the current config or running config
shows me the hostname of our one but shows startup config stold shows a hostname of router.
If I copy the running config to startup config again and then type show starts.
Notice the host name has changed to our one so the running config overrides the startup config.
If I look at the startup config
and let's have a look at interface Fosset Ethan it is 0 1.
You can see the interface is shut down and has no IP address.
I'll go into that interface and this is making changes to the running config and I'll set an IP address
on the interface and I'll know shut the interface.
So if I look at the running config on this router we can see that the IP addresses configure it.
If I look at the startup config
the interface is shut down and doesn't have an IP address.
This is the same config as the running config on the device but this is different.
So copy start to run.
Let's see what happens.
Top Chef start and look at their interface the interface didn't have an IP address and was shut down
in the start of config not to save time searching I'm going to type the C'mon show run interface face
zero slash one and notice this only shows me the config for that individual interface in the running
can fake.
And in this example you can see that the running config was replaced
with the startup config.
Let's look at start again.
So the startup config has the interface shut down.